The script run_analysis.R takes data from various tables, merges it together correctly and tidies it
to give a new table of tidy data summarised.
==================================================================================

The data used has been generated by Jorge L. Reyes-Ortiz, Davide Anguita, Alessandro Ghio, Luca Oneto.
Smartlab - Non Linear Complex Systems Laboratory DITEN - Università degli Studi di Genova.

To generate this data they conducted experiments with a group of 30 volunteers within an age bracket of 19-48 years. Each person performed six activities (WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING) wearing a smartphone (Samsung Galaxy S II) on the waist. Using its embedded accelerometer and gyroscope, they captured 3-axial linear acceleration and 3-axial angular velocity at a constant rate of 50Hz. 

The data was originally distributed in different files:
- 'features_info.txt': Shows information about the variables used on the feature vector.

- 'features.txt': List of all features.

- 'activity_labels.txt': Links the class labels with their activity name.

- 'train/X_train.txt': Training set.

- 'train/y_train.txt': Training labels.

- 'test/X_test.txt': Test set.

- 'test/y_test.txt': Test labels.

==================================================================================

The script loads independently all information into individual data frames. Then it combines them to form a big data frame with all the information. After that, it adds names to the columns and some of the variables to make identification easy. Then it subsets the data to only include data for variables that include a mean or a standard deviation.  After that, it summarises the data by giving the average measurement of each variable for each combination of subject and activity.
==================================================================================

After tidying, each datapoint has the following information:

- Subject: Number from 1 to 30 that identifies each subject

- Activity: Each of the six activities that each subject carried out (WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING))

- Variable: The feature they measured

- Mean: The average measurement of the variable for each combination of subject and activity.


